Wiki issue 62 (#100)
aau-giraf/wiki: file_documentation/weekplanner/widgets/giraf_app_bar_widget.md

# Documentation of giraf_app_bar_widget.dart
This files contains the documentaion of the `giraf_app_bar_widget.dart` file from the weekplanner project.

## Functionality

> This widget is the appbar at the top of many screens in the weekplanner application. The displayed icons are chosen dynamically and depends on the current screen and user mode. The icons as well as their functionality are provided by `toolbar_bloc.dart`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This widget is the app bar at the top of many screens in the weekplanner application. The displayed icons are chosen dynamically and depend on the current screen and user mode. The icons as well as their functionality are provided by `toolbar_bloc.dart`. 
```

## Layout
The Giraf appbar is displayed as seen here, when located on the weekplan screen (`weekplan_screen.dart`):

> ![Layout of Giraf app bar](../pictures/GirafAppbar.PNG)

Reviewer: Image doesn't seem to work. Maybe it's the .PNG with capital letters.

## Buttons

> The appbar can contain many different buttons. To name a few: settings, logout, change to guardian, and change to citizen, all the icons can bee seen in `toolbar_bloc.dart`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The app bar can contain many different buttons. To name a few: settings, logout, change to guardian, and change to citizen. All the icons can be seen in `toolbar_bloc.dart`.
```

## Code

> Giraf appbar is a stateless widget, thus it contains the build function which "describes" how the appbar should look:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Giraf app bar is a stateless widget, thus it contains the build function which "describes" how the app bar should look:
```

```dart
 @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    toolbarBloc.updateIcons(appBarIcons, context);
    return AppBar(
        title: Text(title, overflow: TextOverflow.clip),
        flexibleSpace: const GirafTitleHeader(),
        actions: <Widget>[
          StreamBuilder<List<IconButton>>(
              initialData: const <IconButton>[],
              key: const Key('streambuilderVisibility'),
              stream: toolbarBloc.visibleButtons,
              builder: (BuildContext context, 
                AsyncSnapshot<List<IconButton>> snapshot) {
                return Row(
                  children: snapshot.data
                );
              }),
        ],
        automaticallyImplyLeading: isGuardian,
    );
  }
  ```

> The Giraf appbar consists of an appbar with buttons which are emitted from the stream called `toolbarBloc.visibleButtons`. That stream is populated with buttons by the method `toolbarBloc.updateIcons` which is the reason it is called as the first method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Giraf app bar consists of an app bar with buttons which are emitted from the stream called `toolbarBloc.visibleButtons`. That stream is populated with buttons by the method `toolbarBloc.updateIcons` which is the reason it is called as the first method.
```
